powershell v5 - Automatic logging of suspicious scripts

Windows registry key MountPoints2 - What artifact can provide an entire list of systems to which a user account connects?

ShimCache - Which Windows artifact, responsible for backwards compatibility, can be used to determine whether an application has executed?

Windows error reporting - What method can provide SHA1 hashes of malware that ran on a Windows system, especially if the malware is poorly written?

Full path and last modification time - On Windows 10+ systems, what information does the AppCompatCache track about an executable?

Account names with $ at the end are computer accounts

every executable entry in Amcache.hve:  
	(a) Executable name/path  
	(b) First time of execution (last write time of key)  
	(c) SHA-1 hash of the executable (remove leading four zeros before submitting to VirusTotal for lookups)

TerminalServices-RDPClient - Which of the following logs contains information about the destination hostname/IP of an outgoing RDP session?

Logon ID - used to track the length of a unique user session\

Logon Events are stored locally and Account Logon Events are typically stored on the domain controller.

`Admin$, C$, and IPC$`- most interesting shares on computers

ConsoleHost_history.txt - The last 4096 PowerShell commands typed by the user

--------------
# #amcache
What is important to remember when examining entries in the Amcache.hve hive for evidence of execution? - Entries do not always indicate execution.

-------------
# #event_ids

event id 4624 log type code indicates Logon method (console, network, RDP, etc.)

What is happening when a analyst is looking for 4624 and 4672 across the enterprise - Logon with administrator-level privileges

Destination logs for event ID 5140 - What forensic artifact would be the most useful to an analyst seeking to identify administrative shares potentially mounted by attackers?
\
IP address and host name of the remote machine making the connection - What particularly helpful information is recorded by RDP session reconnect and disconnect events (4778 and 4779)?

-------------
# #events
System and Application - A system is suspected to have been compromised, and there are reports it has recently crashed multiple times. Assuming that process tracking has not been enabled (default setting), which log pairing should be investigated for evidence of malware execution in the form of warning and error events?

Security - Which Windows event log will not add a 104 event to the System Log when it is cleared?

Security and System - how to find use of PsExec on the destination system?

Security - In a potential intruder or insider threat scenario, an analyst should enable functionality on and review what event log to identify users or accounts that may have accessed specific files of interest?

----------------
# #powershell 
A potentially malicious script has been identified - PowerShell/Operational logs, what does it mean when a 4104 (script block logging) event's level is set to Warning?

4104, script block logging - Inside the PowerShell Operational event log, which event stores the PowerShell scripts run by the user?

What is one key feature of PowerShell transcript logs? - They log all commands typed and the output of those commands.

-----------
# #prefetch
prefetch is 10 seconds before

It is a hash of the file's path and any command-line arguments. - What is the forensic importance of the hexadecimal bytes at the end of a prefetch (.pf) file's name?

When conducting prefetch file analysis and looking for applications that executed on a Windows 10 system, what is the maximum number of files an analyst should expect to find - 1024\

---------------------------------
# #wmi
wmiprvse.exe-{hash}.pf and event ID 4672 - The presence of which of the following artifacts indicates the system being the destination host of remote WMI activity?

Command-line interface for WMI - What tool can an attacker use to collect data and execute processes across a large number of Windows systems?

Security log - Assuming that process tracking and command-line auditing is enabled, which log contains the WMI command lines used on the system?

Security - can track process execution with full command-line auditing

wmic process call create - indicate an attack attempting to execute a malicious program on a system

Command-line interface for WMI - What tool can an attacker use to collect data and execute processes across a large number of Windows systems?

-----------------------