[[cyber kill chain]] - A model of the sequence of actions taken by an adversary in executing cyberattacks
event cosumer backdoor - Event filter, event consumer, binding
service replacement - unused service to run malicious code
[[Credential Guard]] - isolates hashes and tickets using machine virtualization
[[Device Guard]] - new take on application control that can lock down systems to prevent untrusted code
Intelligence development - observe an APTs TTPs
The reactive organization relies on alerts for notification of incidents - always hunt for APTs
## #Incident_response_process
Contain and intel development - involves the use of data decoys and full-scale network monitoring
Intelligence development - What part of the incident response process requires a responder to observe an adversary's tactics, techniques, and procedures?
risk of moving into the eradication/remediation phase too quickly? - Valuable intelligence required for effective containment can be overlooked.

[[DLL Side-Loading]] - Malware Remote Access Trojans (RAT)—like PlugX, NetTraveler, Sakula, and Poison Ivy—use a DLL hijacking technique that abuses the WinSxS mechanism to drop a new version of a DLL which a legitimate executable loads
mitigation for a pass-the-ticket attack - Credential Guard and Remote Credential Guard
Remote Credential Guard - To reduce the ability to recover password hashes from RDP sessions on a Windows 10 destination system, what mitigation solution can be deployed?

How can cached credentials be used on a Windows system to gain unauthorized access - Decrypt the cached credentials registry hive to find the cleartext passwords

Get-Handle - To expedite processing multiple operations at once, which of the following 

## #powershell
Enter-PSSession - Which of the following is a PowerShell cmdlet that provides an interactive remote shell on the target system?
Non-interactive (type 3) logon - Which logon type does PowerShell use by default when connecting to remote systems?
Invoke-Command - To expedite processing multiple operations at once, which of the following PowerShell cmdlets allows parallel execution of tasks on remote systems in a one-to-many fashion?

Windows 8 - Which version of Windows introduced the Domain Protected Users security group?

Identification - There are six steps commonly used as part of the incident handling process. Which step's goal is to do proper scoping by determining all the systems that have been compromised?

The Incident Response Detection and Intelligence Loop || Real-time remediation - What is the process by which an incident response team can ensure that an incident has been fully scoped?

LSA Secrets are stored on Windows systems in the registry

malware paradox - Malware can hide, but it must run

SeImpersonatePrivilege - What privilege does an attacker require to extract a token from a process and reuse it to perform privileged actions like running PsExec or local privilege escalation?

schtasks - most used ways of achieving malware persistence is through scheduled tasks using what command?

# #Tools
Kansa - Which of the following tools uses PowerShell Remoting to run user contributed modules across hosts in an enterprise?

Velociraptor - collect forensic artifacts from macOS
VQL queries - What data are stored in a Velociraptor Artifact?

---------

ATT&CK - Which of the following is a framework and collection of adversary tactics and techniques designed to help organizations categorize and describe adversary behavior?

The reactive organization relies on alerts for notification of incidents.

-   
    
    Requiring long and complex passwords for service accounts - Any domain user can request a ticket from the domain controller for any domain service. In an attack known as Kerberoasting, if an attacker requests a service ticket for a highly privileged service, they may be able to crack the NT hash offline and obtain the plaintext password. What is a good solution for this type of attack?