# 508.3 quiz

## Volatility

#EPROCESS linked list walking - windows.pslist rely on to identify processes

#GetSIDs - lists the security identifiers associated with a process

#pstree - parent-child relationships

#psscan - identifies processes by scanning physical memory for EPROCESSS pool allocations?

#LdrModules
- What Volatility plug-in is designed to detect unlinked DLLs and non–memory-mapped files?
- Which Volatility plugin can help detect DLL injection that does not use the Windows API (LoadLibrary) to load the DLL?

#apihooks - Which Volatility plugin can detect import address table (IAT) function hooks used by malware?

SSDT - An analyst suspects that one or more system functions have been redirected (hooked) by a rootkit. Which volatility plugin is most helpful for determining if system API functions have been hooked?

Eliminate entries pointing within ntoskrnl.exe and win32k.sys. - When looking for rootkits in the System Service Descriptor Table with windows.ssdt.SSDT Volatility plug-in, what should be done to quickly eliminate legitimate entries?

#volatility3
#PsScan scans memory to find processes that have been unlinked from the EPROCESS list. - When attempting to identify rogue processes with Volatility 3, what is the main advantage of windows.psscan.PsScan over windows.pslist.PsList?

#ModScan - What Volatility 3 plug-in can be used to identify unloaded kernel modules?

#volatility2
--profile - To run a Volatility 2 plugin against a memory image, which parameter is required for the tool to know what operating system to expect?

Finding hidden processes via cross-view techniques - Volatility 2 plugin psxview

#kdbgscan - While using Volatility 2, which of the following plugins can be used to identify the build string of the memory image being analyzed?

----
# Attacks
#code_injection
Find an unmapped PE file in a memory section that is marked as executable. - What technique can be used to identify reflective code injection on a Windows system?

#code_injection - While comparing the results of windows.dlllist.DllList and windows.ldrmodules.LdrModules output for a suspicious process, the results for windows.ldrmodules.LdrModules show additional sections of executable code. These sections do not map to an executable file on disk. What might the differences in the output of these Volatility commands indicate?

#code_injection - To execute code in a target process

#reflective_code_injection
Reflective code injection  - What can an attacker use to get code to run in a remote process without using the Windows loader?

Find an unmapped PE file in a memory section that is marked as executable. - What technique can be used to identify #reflective_code_injection on a Windows system?

#rootkits
Leverage a vulnerable driver to further load malicious drivers. - commonly utilized method to install rootkits into modern Windows x64 systems?

Process Environment Block removal - Which of the following is a new technique used by code injection to defeat detection?

------
# Memory Analysis
#memprocFS
The process token indicates an unexpected user account context. - While using the findevil plugin for MemProcFS, an analyst discovers that a process is denoted as having the flag PROC_USER. What is the most likely reason for this flag?

#memory_baseliner
Memory Baseliner - An analyst examining a memory image wants to reduce as much data as possible to isolate potential anomalies compared to a known good memory image.

#page_file_or_swap_space
Memory forensics should include  RAM and page file or swap space.

#Executive_process_block_list - What memory structure holds a list of all currently running processes on a Windows system?

Modern attacks have moved to memory to avoid detection. - Why is it important to analyze memory?

RAM - What does nearly everything in an operating system traverse?

-----------
#windows_kernel
Doubly linked list - Which of the following data structures is used by the Windows kernel to track multiple executive process blocks?

#eventconsumers
wmiprvse.exe - When performing forensic analysis on a system, which process should you look for to identify whether any CommandLineEventConsumers have been utilized during an incident?

#malfind - It scans process memory sections looking for indications of hidden code injection.

#Command_line - What process metadata allows you to determine whether the executable name matches the image name of the process?


-----
# Processes

#id_rogue_process - An analyst who has completed FOR508 is handed a memory image to review for signs of an intrusion or malware. No other guidance is given. The analyst vaguely remembers a six-step analysis process recommended for situations such as these. What is the first step?

Find common processes that were spawned by an unexpected parent process. - When attempting to identify malicious Windows processes, what technique can an analyst use to identify processes needing further investigation?

By unlinking the malicious process from the #EPROCESS double-linked list - How can malware abuse direct kernel object manipulation to hide a malicious process?

